Update docs in order to run RSKj in M1 (#870)
rsksmart/devportal: _rsk/node/install/java.md

You also need to install [Java 8 JDK](https://www.java.com/download/).

#### For Mac M1 (Apple Chips)

> RSKj is not compatible with arm64. In order to run RSKj on Apple M1 machines, make sure to have `Rosetta` installed in your device. Also you'd need an x86 JDK build. A suggestion could be [Azul Zulu 1.8 (x86)](https://www.azul.com/downloads/?version=java-8-lts&os=macos&package=jdk)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RSKj is not compatible with Apple silicon. In order to run RSKj on Apple M1/M2 machines, make sure to have `Rosetta` installed in your device (it should be pre-installed by default on recent versions of macOS). Also you'd need an x86 JDK build. A suggestion could be [Azul Zulu 11 (x86)](https://www.azul.com/downloads/?version=java-11-lts&os=macos&package=jdk)
```
